
Hi Shian, 

I hope this finds you well!

Esperanza (CC'ed) and I have been planning on organising a conference for a couple of months now, upon suggestions from Dr Anita Tobar-Henriquez and Prof Holly Branigan. Our audience is PGT/ECR working in Psycholinguistics and mainly based in the UK, with the intention of fostering some community amongst our peers and facilitate collaborations between people who are just starting to work in our field. We have set the dates for the beginning of October, with around 40 people for two days, over the weekend. 

We want this conference to be run as an extension of the Psycholinguistics Coffee that we currently run in the department, as we believe that many peers within the department would join the event and, as mentioned above, would be a great opportunity to meet new people and improve our student and researcher experiences. In order to run the conference, we have decided to apply for the SIF (attached in this email). We used a template you sent us for another initiative to put together the funding application. 

This is the first time we are organising a conference and we were wondering whether you would know the answer to these questions - mostly, we are unsure as to what is covered by this funding/whether changes can be made to the funding application:

1. We are thinking of using some spaces at the University to host our conference (talks, workshops and social activities). We were thinking about Prestonfield Room (Pollock Halls) for talks, workshops and poster sessions, and New Amphion (Teviot) for the social activities. Would we also need to apply for funding for using this room or will it be covered by the department? Do you think the room in Pollock Halls is equipped for conferences?

2. We would like to organise two poster sessions. Would the price of poster printing be covered by the funding or will be managed internally? 

3. We have the same question but for catering (2), provided by Edinburgh First. We estimated the prices in the funding application but we are happy to change them/remove or add lines to the file. Moreover, we took https://www.ed.ac.uk/sites/default/files/atoms/files/ssif-event-planning-guide.pdf as a reference but we noticed that it is dated back to 2018. Are the guidelines and prices still reliable today?

4. Can purchase food which is not covered by the Edinburgh First catering? re: social activity in the application.

5. In case we would need to change some details (e.g. increases or decreases in the number of participants, increases in prices - compared to the ones of 2018, changes of rooms to book) can we apply for more funding under Esperanza's name or would it be better to apply for changes?

Thanks in advance for your help and apologies for all the questions.

All the best, 
Esperanza and Greta 
